I will Phil Taylor postgame interview I
won the veterans have been around for a
while you've been battling Brian house
for a while you're always practicing and
go against each other
man sure sure I sweat at this t-shirt
you had on we saw rim ups can really
touch it at first my shoulder Beatles at
home that t-shirt y'all got made up what
does that mean you know I mean it means
a life there's a lot of throughout the
years they always compare who's the real
WHS so and easier we just come out and
try to prove to ourselves and especially
just the fans and just let it be known
that we are at a real WHS I take a lot
of good some heart to wear way that
certain warmers and we're in the house
and one will buy let them see this man
and talk about that I mean is this all
basketball and it's all a challenge to
me as well as my teammates and I'm tired
a guy like to pisspot pull it off and
make the game more fun so that's what
it's about getting the crowd into it get
the fans and this good basketball man on
second and row interview big time game
Matt on we more settle down this game in
their own game the men gank he said he
was real Jack doesn't happen to play
that game you settle your emotions are
more this game no I mean I was still
have felt but his name Isis I just just
one with the Florida game of everything
come to me I didn't and in Grasse out
the offense and I just work within my
teammates and everything was worked out
perfectly we came out there W
met if people don't understand the game
of basketball and looking to box score
and see you only had nine anything you
had a good game I think you affect the
games on ways to the arms that the
statue doesn't show now your leadership
role won't like one play I remember
where couple players in row when you are
Georgia wrongs make some Aaron passes
and they even scroll out the play but
you may have known that we're not gonna
play like this today and you're not
gonna pass the part like this today so
yeah I think you show more of a
leadership role today and you got it you
got it in line
y'all start playing after that I mean is
that's all there's always just one
family you know we have one goal
so throughout each game just we just
take it slow we work together and we
just talk to each other and he's gonna
be getting better we're listening to
each other the beginning and everybody
had eye problems listening but
throughout the season will be good yeah
we're definitely more championship
Meghani on showers you want to say
anybody gonna be saying this and I see
found me anything absolutely my Brooklyn
team my mom my dad my coaching staff my
teammates of course and most of all God
and especially defense oh you got it
another postgame interview got Phil
Taylor one of the veterans man he been
around I've been watching a guy play
since he's like this tall good player
shake this out on July sorry calm and
keep it live from Ray interviews all
right now I did appreciate it BK